README.md, before:

#Geospatial Institutions
A compilation of geospatial colleges and universities in North America with a focus on Canada and the United States. 

Other colleges and universities outside of North America are welcome, too! The ultimate goal of this project is to include **_all_** geospatial programs available to students around the globe!

**_Check out the <a href="http://geospatialem.github.io/geospatial-institutions" target="_blank">interactive map</a> and help make it a 'living map' with us!_**

##About the Project
This list <a href="http://www.urisa.org/careers/colleges-and-universities" target="_blank">originated</a> as part of the URISA Vanguard Outreach Committee and we hope to reach out to a larger community to provide a list that will serve throughout the geospatial community! :-P

*__Pull requests welcome!__ We would like to keep this list updated with the latest information. If a new geospatial program has started, a contact has changed, or any other addition/change, please submit a pull request! New to Github? No worries, check out the guide below or <a href="http://www.twitter.com/urisavc" target="_blank">contact us</a> to get started. :-)*

##How to Add/Edit an Institution

1. **<a href="https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo" target="_blank">Fork</a> this project to your Guthub account**:   
If you don't have a Github account, definitely <a href="https://github.com/join" target="_blank">get one</a>. We promise you won't regret it! Once you get one, or if you're already set up, fork this project. :-)

2. **Update the README.md file, if needed:**  
	• Retain the same overall structure seen in the file (*feel free to copy/paste and edit, where needed*). If you are unsure on how to do so, <a href="http://www.twitter.com/urisavc" target="_blank">contact us</a>. :-)  
	• Add in the location, listed in alphabetical order (ie: *US-Alabama*), if needed.  
	• If you know of any resources to the location under the header, please add them in for future reference (check out *US-Minnesota* for an example).  
	• Add the institution, listed in alphabetical order underneath the location title.   
  
3. **Add/edit the institution in the institutions.geojson file**:   
	• Add in the *name of the institution* and the *latitude and longitude*. We recommend <a href="http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html" target="_blank">this awesome site</a> for getting the latitude/longitude and going **_four_** decimal points deep and try and add in as much supporting information as you can/know.  
	• If the school offers a *program*, the marker-symbol should be set to *college* and *red*  (e.g. `"marker-symbol": "college", "marker-color": "#ef8a62"`) and if the school offers a *certificate*, the marker-symbol should be set to *library* and *blue* (e.g. `"marker-symbol": "library", "marker-color": "#5ab4ac"`).    
  
4. **Update the final numbers in the README.md**:  
For both the location (i.e. *US-Alabama (xx)*) and the overall number (i.e. *Full List (xx)*).

5. **Verify your edits**:  
Ensure the edits you made are accurate, both of the data you are entering and free of any typos. This makes things *much* easier down the road.

6. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)**:  
Need help? Here's a <a href="https://github.com/blog/1969-create-pull-requests-in-github-for-windows" target="_blank">Windows guide</a> on how to submit a request.

7. **Pat yourself on the back for being all-around awesome :-P**


##Full List *(77)*

###US-Alabama *(9)*
- Alabama A&M University 
- Auburn University
- Jacksonville State University
- Lawson State Community College
- Samford University
- Troy University
- University of Alabama
- University of North Alabama
- University of South Alabama

###US-Arkansas *(4)*
- Arkansas State University-Jonesboro
- Arkansas Tech University
- University of Arkansas-Fayetteville
- University of Central Arkansas

###US-Illinois *(22)*
- Augustana College
- Chicago State University
- DePaul University
- Eastern Illinois University
- Elmhurst College
- Harold Washington College
- Illinois State University
- Judson University
- Loyola University Chicago
- Northeastern Illinois University
- Northern Illinois University
- Northwestern University
- Olivet Nazarene University
- Roosevelt University
- Southern Illinois University
- Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville
- University of Illinois at Chicago
- University of Illinois at Springfield
- University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
- Waubonsee Community College
- Western Illinois University
- Wheaton College

###US-Indiana *(1)*
- Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis

###US-Iowa *(2)*
- Kirkwood Community College
- University of Northern Iowa

###US-Kansas *(2)*
- Kansas State University
- University of Kansas

###US-Kentucky *(9)*
- Bluegrass Community and Technical College
- Eastern Kentucky University
- Hazard Community and Technical College
- Morehead State University
- Murray State University
- Northern Kentucky University
- University of Kentucky
- University of Louisville
- Western Kentucky University

###US-Michigan *(4)*
- Ferris State University
- Michigan State University
- University of Michigan
- Western Michigan University

###<a href="http://www.mngislis.org/?page=higher_ed_links" target="_blank">US-Minnesota</a> *(14)*

- Bemidji State University
- Carlton College
- Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College
- Gustavus Adolphus College
- Itasca Community College
- Macalaster College
- Minnesota State University, Mankato
- Saint Cloud State University
- Saint Mary's University of Minnesota
- South Central Community College
- Southwest Minnesota State University
- University of Minnesota
- University of Minnesota-Duluth
- University of Saint Thomas

###US-Missouri *(3)*
- Northwest Missouri State University
- Park University
- University of Missouri-Kansas City

###US-Montana *(2)*
- Carroll College
- University of Montana

###US-Nebraska *(0)*

###US-North Dakota *(2)*
- Bismark State College
- University of North Dakota

###US-South Dakota *(0)*

###US-Wisconsin *(3)*
- University of Wisconsin-Madison
- University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
- University of Wisconsin-River Falls

Commit message:

Added Alaska (3) and Arizona (3) institutions
Changed the app extent to include Alaska. Added the following
institutions: [Alaska]: University of Alaska-Anchorage, University of
Alaska-Fairbanks, University of Alaska Southeast. [Arizona]: Mesa
Community College, Northern Arizona University, University of Arizona.

README.md, after:

#Geospatial Institutions
A compilation of geospatial colleges and universities in North America with a focus on Canada and the United States. 

Other colleges and universities outside of North America are welcome, too! The ultimate goal of this project is to include **_all_** geospatial programs available to students around the globe!

**_Check out the <a href="http://geospatialem.github.io/geospatial-institutions" target="_blank">interactive map</a> and help make it a 'living map' with us!_**

##About the Project
This list <a href="http://www.urisa.org/careers/colleges-and-universities" target="_blank">originated</a> as part of the URISA Vanguard Outreach Committee and we hope to reach out to a larger community to provide a list that will serve throughout the geospatial community! :-P

*__Pull requests welcome!__ We would like to keep this list updated with the latest information. If a new geospatial program has started, a contact has changed, or any other addition/change, please submit a pull request! New to Github? No worries, check out the guide below or <a href="http://www.twitter.com/urisavc" target="_blank">contact us</a> to get started. :-)*

##How to Add/Edit an Institution

1. **<a href="https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo" target="_blank">Fork</a> this project to your Guthub account**:   
If you don't have a Github account, definitely <a href="https://github.com/join" target="_blank">get one</a>. We promise you won't regret it! Once you get one, or if you're already set up, fork this project. :-)

2. **Update the README.md file, if needed:**  
	• Retain the same overall structure seen in the file (*feel free to copy/paste and edit, where needed*). If you are unsure on how to do so, <a href="http://www.twitter.com/urisavc" target="_blank">contact us</a>. :-)  
	• Add in the location, listed in alphabetical order (ie: *US-Alabama*), if needed.  
	• If you know of any resources to the location under the header, please add them in for future reference (check out *US-Minnesota* for an example).  
	• Add the institution, listed in alphabetical order underneath the location title.   
  
3. **Add/edit the institution in the institutions.geojson file**:   
	• Add in the *name of the institution* and the *latitude and longitude*. We recommend <a href="http://itouchmap.com/latlong.html" target="_blank">this awesome site</a> for getting the latitude/longitude and going **_four_** decimal points deep and try and add in as much supporting information as you can/know.  
	• If the school offers a *program*, the marker-symbol should be set to *college* and *red*  (e.g. `"marker-symbol": "college", "marker-color": "#ef8a62"`) and if the school offers a *certificate*, the marker-symbol should be set to *library* and *blue* (e.g. `"marker-symbol": "library", "marker-color": "#5ab4ac"`).    
  
4. **Update the final numbers in the README.md**:  
For both the location (i.e. *US-Alabama (xx)*) and the overall number (i.e. *Full List (xx)*).

5. **Verify your edits**:  
Ensure the edits you made are accurate, both of the data you are entering and free of any typos. This makes things *much* easier down the road.

6. **Submit a Pull Request (PR)**:  
Need help? Here's a <a href="https://github.com/blog/1969-create-pull-requests-in-github-for-windows" target="_blank">Windows guide</a> on how to submit a request.

7. **Pat yourself on the back for being all-around awesome :-P**


##Full List *(83)*

###US-Alabama *(9)*
- Alabama A&M University 
- Auburn University
- Jacksonville State University
- Lawson State Community College
- Samford University
- Troy University
- University of Alabama
- University of North Alabama
- University of South Alabama

###US-Alaska *(3)*
- University of Alaska-Anchorage
- University of Alaska-Fairbanks
- University of Alaska Southeast

###US-Arizona *(3)*
- Mesa Community College
- Northern Arizona University
- University of Arizona

###US-Arkansas *(4)*
- Arkansas State University-Jonesboro
- Arkansas Tech University
- University of Arkansas-Fayetteville
- University of Central Arkansas

###US-Illinois *(22)*
- Augustana College
- Chicago State University
- DePaul University
- Eastern Illinois University
- Elmhurst College
- Harold Washington College
- Illinois State University
- Judson University
- Loyola University Chicago
- Northeastern Illinois University
- Northern Illinois University
- Northwestern University
- Olivet Nazarene University
- Roosevelt University
- Southern Illinois University
- Southern Illinois University-Edwardsville
- University of Illinois at Chicago
- University of Illinois at Springfield
- University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign
- Waubonsee Community College
- Western Illinois University
- Wheaton College

###US-Indiana *(1)*
- Indiana University-Purdue University Indianapolis

###US-Iowa *(2)*
- Kirkwood Community College
- University of Northern Iowa

###US-Kansas *(2)*
- Kansas State University
- University of Kansas

###US-Kentucky *(9)*
- Bluegrass Community and Technical College
- Eastern Kentucky University
- Hazard Community and Technical College
- Morehead State University
- Murray State University
- Northern Kentucky University
- University of Kentucky
- University of Louisville
- Western Kentucky University

###US-Michigan *(4)*
- Ferris State University
- Michigan State University
- University of Michigan
- Western Michigan University

###<a href="http://www.mngislis.org/?page=higher_ed_links" target="_blank">US-Minnesota</a> *(14)*

- Bemidji State University
- Carlton College
- Fond du Lac Tribal and Community College
- Gustavus Adolphus College
- Itasca Community College
- Macalaster College
- Minnesota State University, Mankato
- Saint Cloud State University
- Saint Mary's University of Minnesota
- South Central Community College
- Southwest Minnesota State University
- University of Minnesota
- University of Minnesota-Duluth
- University of Saint Thomas

###US-Missouri *(3)*
- Northwest Missouri State University
- Park University
- University of Missouri-Kansas City

###US-Montana *(2)*
- Carroll College
- University of Montana

###US-Nebraska *(0)*

###US-North Dakota *(2)*
- Bismark State College
- University of North Dakota

###US-South Dakota *(0)*

###US-Wisconsin *(3)*
- University of Wisconsin-Madison
- University of Wisconsin-Milwaukee
- University of Wisconsin-River Falls
